feat: added more doc for MAC-IP binding (#153)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: dns_dhcp.rst

NethSecurity can provide DNS and DHCP services to every local network.
This section is divided in 5 tabs:

* DHCP and MAC binding
* Static leases
* Dynamic leases
* DNS
* DNS records

DHCP and MAC binding
====================

This section allows you to enable and manage a DHCP server for every local network configured in your NethSecurity.
Every local interface is provided with a card where you can enable the service clicking on button :guilabel:`Edit`.

Available fields:

* ``Mac binding``:

  * ``Status``: enable/disable the MAC-IP binding feature for this interface
  * ``Type``: it's possible to choose between two types of MAC-IP binding:

    * ``Soft binding``: allows hosts without a reservation, blocks mismatched IP/MAC

>     * ``Hard binding``: Only hosts with a reservation allowed, others are blocked

Reviewer: Can we add a couple of usage scenarios here?

NethSecurity can provide DNS and DHCP services to every local network.
This section is divided in 5 tabs:

* DHCP and MAC binding
* Static leases
* Dynamic leases
* DNS
* DNS records

DHCP and MAC binding
====================

This section allows you to enable and manage a DHCP server for every local network configured in your NethSecurity.
Every local interface is provided with a card where you can enable the service clicking on button :guilabel:`Edit`.

Available fields:

* ``Mac binding``:

  * ``Status``: enable/disable the MAC-IP binding feature for this interface
  * ``Type``: it's possible to choose between two types of MAC-IP binding:

    * ``Soft binding``: allows hosts without a reservation, blocks mismatched IP/MAC

      **Example**: An office network where employees frequently bring their own devices (BYOD). In this case Soft binding
      allows devices without a reservation to access the network, but ensures that any device with a mismatched IP/MAC

>       address is blocked. This provides flexibility for employees while maintaining a level of security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      address is blocked. This prevents that employees steal an IP with higher authorizations.
```

Reviewer 2: employees -> users ?
